---
layout: post
title:  About Us
date:   2015-02-10
categories: about_us
---
**WHAT IS SMB?** The Student Media board is the newly formed student governing board overseeing the student media programs at UH Manoa: KaLeo O Hawaii, KTUH 90.3, Hawaii Review and UH Productions. This board is a merged product of the Broadcast Communication Authority (BCA) and the Board of Publications (BOP). The BCA was the governing authority for student-run broadcast and electronic media on the UHM campus.  Its charter was approved by the UH Board of Regents in 1982.The BOP was the governing authority for student-run newspaper and literary magazine on the UHM campus.Its charter was approved by the UH Board of Regents in 1967.

**WHO SERVES ON THE SMB?**     The SMB is comprised of thirteen (13) members appointed by the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs.  There are nine (9) students, two (2) faculty/staff and two (2) members of the greater community..  Members are appointed for two-year long terms.

**WHAT DOES SMB OVERSEE?**  The SMB currently governs the student-run radio station, KTUH 90.3 FM, KaLeo O Hawaii newspaper, student-run literary magazine Hawaii Review and student-run video productions UH Productions (UHP).  

**WHAT DOES THE SMB DO?**     The SMB formulates, reviews, and revises policies and guidelines and provides management oversight for student-run print, broadcast and electronic media.  The SMB approves the annual budgets for its programs and appoints the programs’ editors in chiefs and general managers.  It ensures that the programs operate within federal and state laws and regulations within established university policies.  In addition, the SMB along with its programs’ staff, participates in short-term and long-range planning to ensure the continued viability of its current programs and to promote new ones.

**HOW DOES SMB DO ITS WORK?**   Full SMB meetings are usually scheduled once a month during the academic year.  Executive Committee meetings are also scheduled once a month.  Other committees are created to accomplish special tasks.  The Chairperson, Vice-Chairperson, Secretary and Treasurer are elected from among the board membership and together comprise the Executive Committee.

**HOW DOES SMB FIT INTO UH-MANOA STUDENT GOVERNANCE?**  The SMBis one of the chartered student organizations on the UH-Manoa campus.  The others are:  Associated Students of the University of Hawaii (ASUH), Campus Center Board (CCB), Graduate Student Organization (GSO), and the Student Activity & Program Fee Board (SAPFB).

**WHAT ARE THE REWARDS FOR SERVING ON THE SMB?** SMB members gain valuable leadership experience in program development and implementation, policy development and evaluation, personnel selection, meeting management, fiscal monitoring, conflict management, and strategic thinking and planning.  Additionally, SMB members serve the campus community, come to know how organizations work, make new friends, impact campus life, and receive a small stipend for their service to the campus community.

**WHY SHOULD YOU BECOME A MEMBER OF SMB?**     The future of print, broadcast and electronic media is exciting and challenging.  As a SMB member, you can contribute your time, talent, and ideas to promote the very best student-run print, broadcast and electronic media for the entertainment and benefit of the University community and public.  SMB members also serve the campus community by being involved in the shared governance by students and faculty that is so important in an academic environment.

**Questions?**  Contact the Student Media Board at [uhsmb@hawaii.edu](mailto:uhsmb@hawaii.edu) or the SMB Advisor, Sandy Matsui at 956-7043 or [matsuis@hawaii.edu](mailto:matsuis@hawaii.edu) for more information.